So, let me put here some minutes.
My name is Paulo, I'm from Brazil, and in Brazil I help the translation team for Debian,
translation for Portuguese.
I'm a Debian developer too, so I work with packages in the translation for Portuguese,
and I'm coordinated the translation of everyone here this afternoon.
We will have six talks today from different projects, and each of them they have 30 minutes,
so the speakers know they have 30 minutes to talk.
I don't think so.
I'll bring this here.
Okay.
Leave here?
Thank you.
So, each speaker will have 30 minutes to talk, including the QA part.
I'd like to say thank you very much for FOSDEN organizers and for speakers to be here.
I'm sure that it will be a great experience for everybody.
I believe this is the first time we have a translation everyone at FOSDEN.
So, the first time we have a dedicated room for translation.
So, this is good.
I hope this is the first of many Debian rooms that you have on the future.
And I hope everybody enjoys it.
I will be sitting here.
If someone need something with me, talk with me, I will be there.
Yeah, I'm using this blue shirt.
So, that's it.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.